Bingo Ball Holds
Quantity: total number of tickets per up
Bingos per Ticket: number of bingo balls on the ticket
Spots per Ticket: total number of images on the ticket
Downlines: Do the bingo balls for each ticket need to be contained by a single downline?
Sort Bingo Balls: Should the ball values be sorted
Shazams: These are regular bingo ball tickets that contain an additional image/indication
         that makes them eligible for an additional jackpot. A large, rollover jackpot is
         added to every time one of the 'normal' bingo tickets wins. When one of the shazam
         types is called, the player wins this jackpot in addition to the regular prize
         associated with this game. Enter how many of the total tickets will contain this
         special designation.
Free Spots: total number of tickets for each free spot: box one should contain the number of
         tickets with one free space, box two the number with two free spaces, etc. The most
         I've ever seen is three free spots on a five image ticket.

'Additional Holds' allow for additional image holds and should be entered as 'image prefix, quantity' pairs
    separated by semicolons.
    So,
        'hold,15' would produce the set:
            hold01.ai - hold15.ai.

        'holda-,15;holdb-,15' would produce two set of images:
            holda-01.ai - holda-15.ai
            holdb-01.ai - holdb-15.ai

        'red,15;white,15;blue,15' would produce three sets of images:
            red01.ai - red15.ai
            white01.ai - white15.ai
            blue01.ai - blue15.ai

    Any alphanumeric string can be used as the image prefix. (See 53691, Tripe Diamond Slots for reference.)


Shaded Holds
PI checkbox probably stands for 'Plus Image', which will add an image on the spot where the shaded
number is placed.

The shaded information:
    Tiers allow for different shaded suffixes.
        The Numbers box collects all the numbers that will be shaded for that tier.

        The Suffix is the two-digit number at the end of the integers that indicate it's a hold.

        The Color is the string to be added to the MPS tag to trigger the DesignMerge rule:
            i.e., 'RED' will become <@REDFONT>, 'BLUE' will become <@BLUEFONT>, etc.

        'Base' allows the user to specify the name of a base image to be used with each set of numbers.

        The Full checkbox indicates if the font change will apply to the entire integer:
            False indicates that only the suffix will be affected;
            True indicates the entire number's font will be changed.

        PI indicates whether an image needs to be added to the shaded number (I think this stands for
            'Plus Image', but who the hell knows what goes on in my head. (See 31891, Stars for reference))

    First and Last indicate the lowest and highest nonwinning numbers, respectively.

    Exclusions is a list of suffixes, NOT ALREADY LISTED IN THE HOLD FRAME'S SUFFIX BOXES, that need
        to be excluded from the nonwinner list. This is most likely needed if there are instant winners
        that also use suffixes to indicate a winning ticket.

'Addl. Holds' allow for additional image holds and should be entered as 'image prefix, quantity' pairs
    separated by semicolons.
    So,
        'hold,15' would produce the set:
            hold01.ai - hold15.ai.

        'holda-,15;holdb-,15' would produce two set of images:
            holda-01.ai - holda-15.ai
            holdb-01.ai - holdb-15.ai

        'red,15;white,15;blue,15' would produce three sets of images:
            red01.ai - red15.ai
            white01.ai - white15.ai
            blue01.ai - blue15.ai

    Any alphanumeric string can be used as the image prefix. (See 53691, Tripe Diamond Slots for reference.)


Bingos
    Either/Ors refer to tickets that can have either one or two spaces per spot. This differs from staggered,
    double-line bingos with free spaces in one slot because the single digit columns are simply that: single
    digit columns. They are not double-digit columns with one free space--they are single-digit columns
    contained by a single 'bubble' that spans the entire column space.

    Either/Or entries should be composed of three quantities: Tickets, Frees, Doubles. Different types of
    either/ors (varying in free and/or double spaces) can be listed in the same entry by using a semicolon
    between entries. So, if the user wanted a total of 200 tickets broken down into

        100: 0 frees, 1 double
         40: 1 free,  1 double
         20: 2 frees, 1 double
         15: 0 frees, 2 doubles
         10: 1 free,  2 doubles
          5: 2 frees, 2 doubles

    they could be written out as:

        100,0,1;40,1,1;20,2,1;15,0,2;10,1,2;5,2,2